everybody welcome to comic book club on
Justin I am Pete I will hear with guile
from Street Fighter sensitive the blue
yeah he's gonna sonic boom he's waiting
we are at Midtown comics by the way you
talk comics nice nothing this is its
house I know they lot of toys here but
I've got a bunch of great comics to
review today we have uncanny x-men
number 5 22 Northlanders plate Widow
number 6 of 8 and the rise of arsenal
which I'm sure we're going to say that
on for lashes I know you're all excited
about it let's kick it off with uncanny
x-men the return of katie fry kind of a
big deal and now Alex couldn't be here
because he was so excited and upset and
you're not just we had camera with an
erection oh this is a great seer back I
love magneto like sort of as a monk yeah
he's yeah he's very deep doesn't talk
much yeah drunks I've come to him with
all these problems and he just like sits
there and then they realize their own
balls and they're like Thank You Magneto
and then walk away it's really laughs
sort of a lieutenant yeah but this issue
that we're talking about here is
fantastic really kind of huge seal that
Kitty Pryde is just flying around and a
giant bullet so he lets a shape dealt
with it meaning this issue was such a
crazy thing than leave her inside with
the space bullet and then to have a
comeback I think it's also weird magneto
sort of crushes the bullet and then
she's just like yeah yeah I didn't know
he could like crushable looks like 10-4
I guess I can he's a powerful man I
guess if you meditate long enough you
can do anything it's true think hard
study drugs stuff sit there's a backup
story here that's sort of out of nowhere
sort of a sweet story aliens find love
to you love that comes know well I
didn't know these guys may have tusks
come out of their faces so you just
still you don't like people I don't know
elephants you got a problem with tusky
yeah northlanders number 26 let's move
on yes move on to something that is
fantastic and really great thank you
play Widow 6 of 8 i've been loving this
guy reduce our every single issue of
this it's what I'm sorry wellness I
didn't mean it
do I never do that it sort of very slow
build on this series it's very sparse
starts very a lot of space in the panels
I love it yes farces good word it's a
sad depressing comic every time I try to
read it I think oh maybe this will be
the time well things happen to my ex's
penis weather around there is access
yeah but it's used in such sad ways that
there's just these people are saying
they need medicine I think you know my
cable broke booger guy is running around
killing it doesn't it's not a thing yes
do it I think you don't like because
they all still have a facial hair that
they want some reason show ha that's a
cheap shot oh you know I think it
deserves a shot speaking of cheap shots
rise of arsenal red hair o.o he's been
abused over a course of a cry for
justice lost an arm then lost his
daughter and now in this the punishments
just keep coming yeah it's I do I mean
such a huge event having green arrow
will be a bad guy and like killing
people but what I like about the best
backstories you really see why so angry
why you lost it who is really fighting
for and you feel sick or red arrow and
all the people who died obviously but uh
cheesy it's horrible I mean I stink and
that's why I don't I didn't like this
issue at all I think it's just thank
sadness for the sake of having bad
things happen in his character wakes up
without an armed a psych Oh where's my
daughter oh she's dead yeah I guess I'll
go to the morgue and pick up her body
and then I go I'm addicted to pills
again no no dude he freaked out like it
was like what's happened he was like
throwing things were really calm down
it's not an earned death it was all I
just don't like this at all i think that
i think the other thing I didn't like
about it is him turning to drugs I
thought that was ridiculous well it's
just taking advantage of the characters
history without setting this up at all
he was completely normal until the seven
district series and then it's just been
a mess dude if you lose your arm you
turn the drugs that's what DC is trying
to say to kids right keep both your arms
and you want the way about drugs that's
right kids keep your arms study do drugs
if you have on
and join your own Street Fighter team
and then you'll take on guile or you
probably won't win person to the sonic
boom will cut you in a tough message
from Pete LePage to the children of
America you will lose i miss my goatee
thank you guys this has been comical
club send us your emails and whatnot and
we'll be right back to you